# Debugging - setting up repo on Windows Machine

## Salesforce Installation in Wordpress Repo
Templates not being retrieved from salesforce. 

The search frameworks/suppliers issue is probably the requirement for an index to be ran in Elasticsearch before they work.

The commands are :
-wp salesforce import updateFrameworkSearchIndex
-wp salesforce import updateSupplierSearchIndex

Running to above commands could lead to error like: call-to-undefined function-curl-init

The commands for the error fix are: 
1. sudo apt-get install php-curl 

To test that Salesforce and the import are working correctly

1.	In the terminal go to the public folder within the Wordpress project
2.	Run wp salesforce import all


## Frontend Repo
## Formatting of the site

The formatting of the pages were out of order when frontend and the backend started communicating. These files are generated by NPM. This is in the docs under

https://github.com/Crown-Commercial-Service/ccs-frontend#npm
Dotenv library is implemented to parse the .env file and that is done in the menu controller.

https://symfony.com/doc/current/components/dotenv.html

## Conflicts between branches in Git

Merging your branch with master branch could caused conflicts with the composer.lock file. To solve this conflict copy the composer.lock file from master brach and use it in branch you’re working on. 

https://stackoverflow.com/questions/10674641/composer-lock-how-does-it-work

https://daylerees.com/the-composer-lock-file/



## Database Dump

Database dumping – Using mysql 5.7 and ensuring that the database is updated or the data which will be retrieved will be old. Make sure that in the env file the database name and IP is specified the way its setup in your database. 

